website: remove legacy provider docs index (#29134)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/providers/index.html.md

is the main directory of publicly available Terraform providers, and hosts
providers for most major infrastructure platforms.

## Provider Documentation

Each provider has its own documentation, describing its resource
types and their arguments.

The [Terraform Registry](https://registry.terraform.io/browse/providers)

> includes documentation for all of the providers it hosts. Use the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
includes documentation for a wide range of providers developed by HashiCorp, third-party vendors, and our Terraform community. Use the
```
